
Bad key "patch.force_edgecolor" on line 33 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "lines.dashed_pattern" on line 18 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "boxplot.meanprops.markeredgecolor" on line 369 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.second" on line 235 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.major.right" on line 271 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.month" on line 231 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "scatter.marker" on line 345 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.minor.right" on line 273 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.major.left" on line 270 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.left" on line 258 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.minor.bottom" on line 256 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "axes.autolimit_mode" on line 220 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "hatch.color" on line 37 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "boxplot.meanprops.marker" on line 367 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.minute" on line 234 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.major.top" on line 253 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.day" on line 232 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.right" on line 259 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.bottom" on line 242 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.microsecond" on line 236 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "hist.bins" on line 40 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "lines.scale_dashes" on line 21 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "axes.titlepad" on line 184 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "_internal.classic_mode" on line 526 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.hour" on line 233 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "boxplot.meanprops.markerfacecolor" on line 368 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "date.autoformatter.year" on line 230 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/__init__.py:1069: UserWarning: Bad val "auto" on line #360
	"boxplot.flierprops.markerfacecolor: auto
"
	in file "/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle"
	Key boxplot.flierprops.markerfacecolor: auto does not look like a color arg
  (val, error_details, msg))

Bad key "lines.dotted_pattern" on line 20 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "axes.formatter.offset_threshold" on line 207 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.minor.top" on line 255 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "ytick.minor.left" on line 272 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "lines.dashdot_pattern" on line 19 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.major.bottom" on line 254 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "boxplot.meanprops.markersize" on line 370 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "hatch.linewidth" on line 38 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution

Bad key "xtick.top" on line 241 in
/home/gunter/anaconda2/lib/python2.7/site-packages/matplotlib/mpl-data/stylelib/_classic_test.mplstyle.
You probably need to get an updated matplotlibrc file from
http://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/master/matplotlibrc.template
or from the matplotlib source distribution
TStreamerInfo::BuildCheck:0: RuntimeWarning: 
   The StreamerInfo of class string read from file /home/gunter/WW_analysis/data_alpha/ttbar_leptonic_complete.root
   has the same version (=2) as the active class but a different checksum.
   You should update the version to ClassDef(string,3).
   Do not try to write objects with the current class definition,
   the files will not be readable.

TStreamerInfo::CompareContent:0: RuntimeWarning: The following data member of
the in-memory layout version 2 of class 'string' is missing from 
the on-file layout version 2:
   string::_Alloc_hider _M_dataplus; //
TStreamerInfo::CompareContent:0: RuntimeWarning: The following data member of
the in-memory layout version 2 of class 'string' is missing from 
the on-file layout version 2:
   unsigned long _M_string_length; //
TStreamerInfo::CompareContent:0: RuntimeWarning: The following data member of
the in-memory layout version 2 of class 'string' is missing from 
the on-file layout version 2:
   string::(anonymous) ; //
